An example of a JMXFetch config and one using AD with Docker labels (#439)
DataDog/jmxfetch: tools/misbehaving-jmx-server/README.md

```

Can connect via jmxterm ` java -jar ~/jmxterm-1.0.2-uber.jar --url localhost:<rmi port>`

## Testing the server with the Agent

There are a couple of ways you can get the Agent to pull metrics from this test server.

### JMX integration config

> Copy `misbehaving-jmxfetch-conf.yaml` to `/etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/` and just run the uber jar created by Maven.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy `misbehaving-jmxfetch-conf.yaml` to `/etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/` and just run the `with-dependencies` jar created by Maven.
```

You will need to restart the Agent to pick up the config.

### Using Docker

After building the `misbehaving-jmx-server` you can simply run:

```shell
$ docker run \
--rm \

> -p :1099 \

Reviewer: I don't think this command works out of the box as docker binds container port 1099 to an ephemeral host port, but the config says to connect to port 1099.

```suggestion
-p 1099:1099 \
```
